1. Project Setup
a. Repository and Version Control -->Done
	Create a new GitHub repository for the project.
	Set up a .gitignore file to exclude unnecessary files (e.g., node_modules, .env, etc.).
b. Docker and Docker-Compose Setup  --> Done
	Install Docker and Docker-Compose if you haven’t already.

	Create a Dockerfile for the backend application:

	Base it on an official Node.js image.
	Copy your application code.
	Install dependencies and set up the application to run.
	Create another Dockerfile for the frontend application:

	Base it on an official Node.js image.
	Copy your application code.
	Install dependencies and set up the application to run.
	Create a docker-compose.yml file to configure and orchestrate the backend, frontend, and database services.

2. Backend Application (Node.js with TypeScript) -->Done
a. Project Initialization -->Done
	Initialize the project with npm init or yarn init.
	Set up TypeScript in your Node.js project:
	Install TypeScript and necessary types.
	Create a tsconfig.json file.
b. Set Up Express.js -->Done
	Install express for handling API routes.
	Create a basic server setup in src/index.ts.
c. API Endpoints -->Done
	Add Apartment Endpoint:
	Create a POST endpoint /api/apartments.
	Validate the request body with a validation library (e.g., Joi, class-validator). -->Done
	Insert the apartment data into the database.

	List Apartments Endpoint: -->Done
	Create a GET endpoint /api/apartments.
	Fetch the list of apartments from the database and return it.
	Get Apartment Details Endpoint:

	Create a GET endpoint /api/apartments/:id. -->Done
	Fetch the apartment details by ID from the database and return it.

d. Database Integration -->Done
	Choose a database (e.g., PostgreSQL, MongoDB).
	Use an ORM/ODM (e.g., TypeORM, Mongoose) to interact with the database.
	Set up models/schemas for the apartment entity.
	Implement migration/seed scripts if necessary.

e. Dockerize the Backend -->Done
	Set up the Dockerfile to build and run the Node.js app.
	Expose the appropriate port.
3. Frontend Application (React)
a. Project Initialization -->Done
	Set up a new React project using Create React App with TypeScript support:
	bash
	npx create-react-app apartment-listing --template typescript
	Organize the project structure (e.g., components, pages, styles).
b. Apartment Listing Page --> Done 
	Create a component to fetch and display the list of apartments:
	Use useEffect to fetch data from the backend API.
	Render a list of apartments showing key information (e.g., name, price, etc.).
	Each apartment should link to a details page using React Router.
	Set up routing using react-router-dom:
	Define routes for the listing page and details page.
c. Apartment Details Page --> Done
	Create a component to fetch and display details of an apartment based on its id.
	Use useEffect to fetch data from the backend API using the id from route parameters.
	Render detailed information about the apartment.
	Add a back button to return to the listing page.
d. Responsive Design
	Use CSS-in-JS (e.g., styled-components, emotion) or a CSS framework (e.g., Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap) to make the pages responsive.
	Test on various screen sizes to ensure a good user experience.
e. Dockerize the Frontend  --> Done
	Set up the Dockerfile to build and run the React app.
	Expose the appropriate port.
4. Database Setup -->Done
a. Database Selection and Setup -->Done
	If using PostgreSQL:
	Create a docker-compose service for PostgreSQL. --> Done
	Configure the database with environment variables. --> No Need 
	Set up database migrations using tools like knex.js or with the ORM.  --> No Need
5. Final Integration and Testing
a. Compose All Services --> Done
	Use docker-compose up --build to build and start all services (frontend, backend, database).
	Verify that the services are correctly communicating with each other.
b. Test the Application --> Done
	Test all API endpoints using a tool like Postman or curl.
	Test the frontend by navigating through the pages and interacting with the API.
	Ensure the application is functioning as expected across different devices.
6. Documentation 
a. Document API Endpoints
	Create a README.md file in your repository.
	Document the API endpoints, request parameters, and response structure.
	Provide examples of API calls.
b. Usage and Setup Instructions
	Include setup instructions in the README.md:
	How to clone the repository.
	How to build and run the application with Docker.
	Any environment variables that need to be configured.
7. Polishing and Submission 
a. Refactor and Clean Code
	Review your code for any improvements or refactoring.
	Ensure consistency in coding style.
b. Commit and Push
	Make sure all changes are committed.
	Push your code to the GitHub repository.
c. Grant Access
	If the repository is private, invite NawyDevHiring as a collaborator.
d. Send Submission
	Reply to the assignment email with the GitHub repository link.
8. Optional Enhancements (If Time Permits) --> Done
	Add pagination or filtering options to the apartment listing page.
	Implement basic error handling and validation on the frontend.
	Improve the UI/UX with additional design elements.
